The Fool (Uncommon) - Stone cards act as Gold and Steel cards when held in hand. Secret Abiltiy - Stone cards act like they have a blue seal when held in hand

The Lovers (common) - When a card is destroyed during a blind, score X10 the card's value. Secert Abiltiy - 1 in 3 chance upon destroying a card to disable the boss blind effect. This card scores X20 its value 

The Hand (common) - +2 Discards, -2 Hands. Secret Ability - If discard contains 5 cards, discard your whole hand

Aerosmith (uncommon) - Gains 5 chips per consecutive scored card of the same rank. Secert Ability - At the end of the round, 1/3 chance to gain an Uncmomon Tag, 1/8 chance to get a Rare Tag

Black Sabbath (common) - Upon selling this joker, 50% chance to spawn a random stand, 50% chance to set money to 0. Secert Ability - Stand odds are now 80%, Money odds are now 20%

Grateful Dead (Uncommon) - Increase the rank of 5 cards in your deck upon leaving a shop. Cards stop increasing at Aces. Secret Ability - All Aces give +20 chips and +5 mult

Mr. President (Uncommon) - +2 consumeable slots. Secert Ability - +1 Joker Slot 

Notorius B.I.G (Uncommon) - Saves you from Death. (Secert Ability text will just say "I hate my life")
Nororius B.I.G Awakened (Rare) - Eternal. Every time a card is scored, this joker gains +2 mult

Survivor (Rare) - Retrigger every joker once. At the end of the round, destroy a random joker

Underworld (uncommon) - Upon selling this joker, turn the boss blind into the previouly fought boss blind. Secert Ability - Upon selling, cards cannot be debuffed this round

Scary Monsters (Rare) - When you roll in the shop, 1/10 chance for a joker to become a dinosaur. Every dinosaur gives 30 chips and 20 mult. Secret Ability - This jokers give 0.5x mult per dinosaur

Sugar Mountain Spring (Rare) - Becomes Eternal upon buying. Every round gain 50 dollars. Destroy all jokers upon ending a round. Secret Ability - Removes Eternal. Everything in Shop is half priced (Will probaly change this)

Hey Ya (uncommon) - All odds are doubled. Secret Ability - If a lucky card triggers, give both rewards

Soft and Wet (uncommon) - When selecting a Blind, gain the tag you would get from skipping. If you skip the blind, gain an extra copy of the tag
Soft and Wet Go Beyond (uncommon) - Same ability as before, but now has a 1/5 chance to give X10 mult (maybe decrease but idk)

Paisley Park (common) - If a given hand is played, this joker gives X3 mult (hand is determined by which one will score the most)

Born this way (rare) - All rerolls are locked at 3 dollars (can't be changed). Double the price of everything

Paper Moon King (uncommon) - All cards are drawn face down and shuffled. If a king is scored, it gives X3 mult. Secret ability - If a king of a given suit is played, it retriggers 